[Fleet] Add known issue to Fleet 7.16 (#1367)
elastic/observability-docs: docs/en/ingest-management/release-notes/release-notes-7.16.asciidoc

* Improves default settings for {fleet} component templates {kib-pull}114101[#114101]
* Report `installing` status while package install is in progress {kib-pull}111875[#111875]

[discrete]
[[known-issues-7.16.x]]
=== Known issues

{kib-pull}121059[#121059]
Error when creating an Agent Policy, seen after editing an Integration policy that is used in other Agent Policies
[%collapsible]
====

*Details*

After editing a System integration policy used by other Agent Policies, if a new Agent Policy is created, error "There is already a package with the same name" is thrown.

*Impact*

New Agent Policies get created without System integration, regardless of having the check "Collect system logs and metrics" enabled.

*Workaround*

You can either:

* Add manually the system integration after the Agent Policy is created
* Rename the other system integration policies

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

===
```

* Improves default settings for {fleet} component templates {kib-pull}114101[#114101]
* Report `installing` status while package install is in progress {kib-pull}111875[#111875]

[discrete]

> [[known-issues-7.16.x]]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[[known-issues-7.16.0]]
```

=== Known issues

> {kib-pull}121059[#121059]

Reviewer: You should either use the structure from the template (if we expect to add more known issues), or remove the collapsible section. If you keep the collapsible section, it should start with this:

```
[[known-issue-issue 121059]]
.Add short description here
[%collapsible]
====
```

Error when creating an Agent Policy, seen after editing an Integration policy that is used in other Agent Policies
[%collapsible]
====

*Details*

> After editing a System integration policy used by other Agent Policies, if a new Agent Policy is created, error "There is already a package with the same name" is thrown.

Reviewer: The details here are hard to follow. I can't review/edit this without understanding this better. Can you ping me and go over the details? It sounds like it's related to integration policy names needing to be unique. Is the code not smart enough to give the system integration a unique name when you try to create an agent policy?  I'm not sure what editing an existing system integration policy has to do with this problem. A 5-minute chat would probably clear this up.

Author: Hi DeDe, sure! I'll ping you and explain what happens.

*Impact*

> New Agent Policies get created without System integration, regardless of having the check "Collect system logs and metrics" enabled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
New agent policies are created without the system integration, even when "Collect system logs and metrics" is selected.
```

*Workaround*

You can either:

> * Add manually the system integration after the Agent Policy is created

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Add the system integration manually after creating the agent policy 
```

> * Rename the other system integration policies

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Rename the other system integration policies using unique names
```

* Improves default settings for {fleet} component templates {kib-pull}114101[#114101]
* Report `installing` status while package install is in progress {kib-pull}111875[#111875]

[discrete]
[[known-issues-7.16.0]]
=== Known issues

> [[known-issue-issue-121059]]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[[known-issue-121059]]
```

.Bug in agent policies
[%collapsible]
====

{kib-pull}121059[#121059]
Error when creating an Agent Policy, seen after editing an Integration policy that is used in other Agent Policies

*Details*

> After editing a System integration policy used by other Agent Policies, if a new Agent Policy is created, error "There is already a package with the same name" is thrown.

Reviewer: trying to give some details here without making this too complex.
